EOI ideas
	follow up to study female sample
	link to real savings behavior
	test habit formation
	might need more than 60 days for habit formation
	we dont observe total portfolio
	track actual dynamic gambling and savings behavior (easy because mobile)
	investigate buzz effect


Guidelines
	Applications are scored on a variety of aspects including the strength of the motivation for the research; innovativeness of the idea proposed; the quality, clarity, and feasibility of the research design; and the relevance of the proposal to the initiative’s core areas of interest.
	on the basis of industry relevance, innovativeness, and scalability of the intervention and the replicability of the study

	 Designing financial and non-financial services linked to digital finance channels, including payments for health and education services
	 Increasing women’s use of (and empowerment through) digital financial services
	 Testing cash transfers and graduations programs which connect people to digital channels
	 Addressing the specific needs and cash-flow challenges of farmers and micro-entrepreneurs
	 Improving take-up and usage of formal financial services by the poor through product design, regulation, or
	other policy levers
	 Incorporating behavioral insights into financial product design

	Submissions proposing to conduct field-based data collection should specify the research implementing partner organization that will assist the research team with the management and implementation of the randomized evaluation. The organization must demonstrate experience implementing randomized evaluations and have a presence in the country.
	Projects taking place in countries where IPA has a country program are expected to be run through the local IPA Country Office, as these offices have the experience and long-term presence to ensure that projects meet excellent research quality standards, maintain strong partner relationships, and that the study is are well-integrated with the work of the Financial Inclusion Program and IPA as a whole. Please make sure that you reach out to the local IPA Country Office well in advance of the deadline to discuss your application. If you need assistance in reaching out to IPA Country Offices, please email us at financialinclusion@poverty-action.org. Research applicants are encouraged to provide a clear motivation in case they elect to work with another implementing organization in a country where IPA is present.

	Expressions of Interest shall indicate the overall cost of the project as well as the funding requested of the Financial Services for the Poor Initiative. Funding requests are capped at $300,000.
	Funding is for research costs. Implementation costs for the program are expected to be covered from other sources, except when adequate justification is provided for their inclusion in the study budget. No funding will be provided for the salary or time of researchers in developed countries. Funding under the study budget for the salaries and/or time of researchers in developing countries will be considered on a case-by-case basis by the selection committee.

